Product Name
product_name
Product ID
product_id
Product ID Type
product_id_type
Product Description
product_description
Product Feature 1
pfl_product_feature_1
Product Feature 2
pfl_product_feature_2
Product Feature 3
pfl_product_feature_3
Product Feature 4
pfl_product_feature_4
Product Feature 5
pfl_product_feature_5
Color Map
color_map
Color
color
Material Type
material_type
Standard Price
standard_price
Currency
currency
Quantity
quantity
Main Image
main_image
Sub Image 1
sub_image_1
Sub Image 2
sub_image_2
Sub Image 3
sub_image_3
Sub Image 4
sub_image_4
Sub Image 5
sub_image_5
White Background Image 1
white_background_image_1
White Background Image 2
white_background_image_2
White Background Image 3
white_background_image_3
White Background Image 4
white_background_image_4
White Background Image 5
white_background_image_5
Lifestyle Image 1
lifestyle_image_1
Lifestyle Image 2
lifestyle_image_2
Lifestyle Image 3
lifestyle_image_3
Lifestyle Image 4
lifestyle_image_4
Lifestyle Image 5
lifestyle_image_5
Certificate Image 1
certificate_image_1
Certificate Image 2
certificate_image_2
Certificate Image 3
certificate_image_3
Certificate Image 4
certificate_image_4
Certificate Image 5
certificate_image_5
Giftbox Image 1
giftbox_image_1
Giftbox Image 2
giftbox_image_2
Giftbox Image 3
giftbox_image_3
Giftbox Image 4
giftbox_image_4
Giftbox Image 5
giftbox_image_5
Diecut Image 1
diecut_image_1
Diecut Image 2
diecut_image_2
Diecut Image 3
diecut_image_3
Diecut Image 4
diecut_image_4
Diecut Image 5
diecut_image_5
A+ Content Image 1
aplus_content_image_1
A+ Content Image 2
aplus_content_image_2
A+ Content Image 3
aplus_content_image_3
A+ Content Image 4
aplus_content_image_4
A+ Content Image 5
aplus_content_image_5
Ads Image 1
ads_image_1
Ads Image 2
ads_image_2
Ads Image 3
ads_image_3
Ads Image 4
ads_image_4
Ads Image 5
ads_image_5
Transparent Image 1
transparent_image_1
Transparent Image 2
transparent_image_2
Transparent Image 3
transparent_image_3
Transparent Image 4
transparent_image_4
Transparent Image 5
transparent_image_5
Unedited Image 1
unedited_image_1
Unedited Image 2
unedited_image_2
Unedited Image 3
unedited_image_3
Unedited Image 4
unedited_image_4
Unedited Image 5
unedited_image_5
Barcode
barcode_string
Factory Notes
factory_notes
Seller SKU
seller_sku
Category
category
SubCategory
sub_category
Brand
brand
Manufacturer
manufacturer
Manufacturer Part Number
manufacturer_part_number
Export Carton Quantity Length
export_carton_quantity_l
Export Carton Quantity Length Metric
export_carton_quantity_l_metric
Export Carton Quantity Breadth
export_carton_quantity_b
Export Carton Quantity Breadth Metric
export_carton_quantity_b_metric
Export Carton Quantity Height
export_carton_quantity_h
Export Carton Quantity Height Metric
export_carton_quantity_h_metric
Export Carton CBM Length
export_carton_crm_l
Export Carton CBM Length Metric
export_carton_crm_l_metric
Export Carton CBM Breadth
export_carton_crm_b
Export Carton CBM Breadth Metric
export_carton_crm_b_metric
Export Carton CBM Height Metric
export_carton_crm_h
Export Carton CBM Height Metric
export_carton_crm_h_metric
Product Dimension Length
product_dimension_l
Product Dimension Length Metric
product_dimension_l_metric
Product Dimension Breadth
product_dimension_b
Product Dimension Breadth Metric
product_dimension_b_metric
Product Dimension Height
product_dimension_h
Product Dimension Height Metric
product_dimension_h_metric
Giftbox Length
giftbox_l
Giftbox Length Metric
giftbox_l_metric
Giftbox Length Breadth
giftbox_b
Giftbox Length Metric
giftbox_b_metric
Giftbox Length Height
giftbox_h
Giftbox Height Metric
giftbox_h_metric
Amazon UK Product Name
amazonuk_product_name
Amazon UK Product Description
amazonuk_product_description
Amazon UK Product Attribute List 1
amazonuk_product_attribute_list_1
Amazon UK Product Attribute List 2
amazonuk_product_attribute_list_2
Amazon UK Product Attribute List 3
amazonuk_product_attribute_list_3
Amazon UK Product Attribute List 4
amazonuk_product_attribute_list_4
Amazon UK Product Attribute List 5
amazonuk_product_attribute_list_5
Amazon UK Category
amazonuk_category
Amazon UK SubCategory
amazonuk_sub_category
Amazon UK Parentage
amazonuk_parentage
Amazon UK Parent SKU
amazonuk_parent_sku
Amazon UK Relationship Type
amazonuk_relationship_type
Amazon UK Variation Theme
amazonuk_variation_theme
Amazon UK Feed Product Type
amazonuk_feed_product_type
Amazon UK Update Delete
amazonuk_update_delete
Amazon UK Recommended Browse Nodes
amazonuk_recommended_browse_nodes
Amazon UK Search Terms
amazonuk_search_terms
Amazon UK Enclosure Material
amazonuk_enclosure_material
Amazon UK Cover Material Type
amazonuk_cover_material_type
Amazon UK Special Feature 1
amazonuk_special_feature_1
Amazon UK Special Feature 2
amazonuk_special_feature_2
Amazon UK Special Feature 3
amazonuk_special_feature_3
Amazon UK Special Feature 4
amazonuk_special_feature_4
Amazon UK Special Feature 5
amazonuk_special_feature_5
Amazon UK Sale Price
amazonuk_sale_price
Amazon UK Sale From
amazonuk_sale_from
Amazon UK Sale End
amazonuk_sale_end
Amazon UK Wattage
amazonuk_wattage
Amazon UK Wattage Metric
amazonuk_wattage_metric
Amazon UK Item Count
amazonuk_item_count
Amazon UK Item Count Metric
amazonuk_item_count_metric
Amazon UK Item Condition Note
amazonuk_item_condition_note
Amazon UK Max Order Quantity
amazonuk_max_order_quantity
Amazon UK Number of Items
amazonuk_number_of_items
Amazon UK Condition Type
amazonuk_condition_type
Amazon UK Package Length
amazonuk_package_length
Amazon UK Package Length Metric
amazonuk_package_length_metric
Amazon UK Package Width
amazonuk_package_width
Amazon UK Package Width Metric
amazonuk_package_width_metric
Amazon UK Package Height
amazonuk_package_height
Amazon UK Package Height Metric
amazonuk_package_height_metric
Amazon UK Package Weight
amazonuk_package_weight
Amazon UK Package Weight Metric
amazonuk_package_weight_metric
Amazon UK Package Quantity
amazonuk_package_quantity
Amazon UK Shipping Weight
amazonuk_shipping_weight
Amazon UK Shipping Weight Metric
amazonuk_shipping_weight_metric
Item Display Weight
amazonuk_item_display_weight
Amazon UK Item Display Weight Metric
amazonuk_item_display_weight_metric
Amazon UK Item Display Volume
amazonuk_item_display_volume
Amazon UK Item Display Volume Metric
amazonuk_item_display_volume_metric
Amazon UK Item Display Length
amazonuk_item_display_length
Amazon UK Item Display Length Metric
amazonuk_item_display_length_metric
Amazon UK Item Weight
amazonuk_item_weight
Amazon UK Item Weight Metric
amazonuk_item_weight_metric
Amazon UK Item Length
amazonuk_item_length
Amazon UK Item Length Metric
amazonuk_item_length_metric
Amazon UK Item Width
amazonuk_item_width
Amazon UK Item Width Metric
amazonuk_item_width_metric
Amazon UK Item Height
amazonuk_item_height
Amazon UK Item Height Metric
amazonuk_item_heigth_metric
Amazon UK Item Display Width
amazonuk_item_display_width
Amazon UK Item Display Width Metric
amazonuk_item_display_width_metric
Amazon UK Item Display Height
amazonuk_item_display_height
Amazon UK Item Display Height Metric
amazonuk_item_display_height_metric
Amazon UK HTTP Link
amazonuk_http_link
Amazon UAE Product Name
amazonuae_product_name
Amazon UAE Product Description
amazonuae_product_description
Amazon UAE Product Attribute 1
amazonuae_product_attribute_list_1
Amazon UAE Product Attribute 2
amazonuae_product_attribute_list_2
Amazon UAE Product Attribute 3
amazonuae_product_attribute_list_3
Amazon UAE Product Attribute 4
amazonuae_product_attribute_list_4
Amazon UAE Product Attribute 5
amazonuae_product_attribute_list_5
Amazon UAE Category
amazonuae_category
Amazon UAE SubCategory
amazonuae_sub_category
Amazon UAE Feed Product Type
amazonuae_feed_product_type
Amazon UAE Recommended Browse Nodes
amazonuae_recommended_browse_nodes
Amazon UAE Update Delete
amazonuae_update_delete
Amazon UAE HTTP Link
amazonuae_http_link
Ebay Category
ebay_category
Ebay SubCategory
ebay_sub_category
Ebay Product Name
ebay_product_name
Ebay Product Description
ebay_product_description
Ebay Product Attribute 1
ebay_product_attribute_list_1
Ebay Product Attribute 2
ebay_product_attribute_list_2
Ebay Product Attribute 3
ebay_product_attribute_list_3
Ebay Product Attribute 4
ebay_product_attribute_list_4
Ebay Product Attribute 5
ebay_product_attribute_list_5
Ebay HTTP Link
ebay_http_link
Noon Product Name
noon_product_name
Noon Product Type
noon_product_type
Noon Product SubType
noon_product_subtype
Noon Parent SKU
noon_parent_sku
Noon Category
noon_category
Noon SubTitle
noon_subtitle
Noon SubCategory
noon_sub_category
Noon Model Number
noon_model_number
Noon Noon Model Name
noon_model_name
Noon MSRP AE
noon_msrp_ae
Noon MSRP AE Unit
noon_msrp_ae_unit
Noon Product Description
noon_product_description
Noon Attribute 1
product_attribute_list_1
Noon Attribute 2
product_attribute_list_2
Noon Attribute 3
product_attribute_list_3
Noon Attribute 4
product_attribute_list_4
Noon Attribute 5
product_attribute_list_5
Noon HTTP Link
noon_http_link
PFL Image 1
pfl_image_1
PFL Image 2
pfl_image_2
PFL Image 3
pfl_image_3
PFL Image 4
pfl_image_4
PFL Image 5
pfl_image_5
PFL Generated Image 1
pfl_generated_image_1
PFL Generated Image 2
pfl_generated_image_2
PFL Generated Image 3
pfl_generated_image_3
PFL Generated Image 4
pfl_generated_image_4
PFL Generated Image 5
pfl_generated_image_5
